Standardised docs (#1499)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/user/manual/user-profile/reminders.md

      * When the delete icon is clicked a popup modal is evoked prompting if the user is sure of the actions they wish to take.

7. **Rows per page**: The user is able to choose the number of reminders they prefer to see on a page (The minimum is 5).

> 8. **Pagination Link**: The user is able to see the current page they are own. They are also able to navigate to previous and next pages using the nav links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Pagination Link**: The user is able to see the current page they are on. They are also able to navigate to previous and next pages using the navigation links.
```

1. **Title**: The user should provide the reminder title.
2. **Date and Time**: The user should schedule the reminder.
3. **Reminder**: The user should provide the description of the reminder.

> 4. **Reminder Type**: Based on the user role within that specific organisation the user is able to specify if the reminder is for all organisation members or it is a personal reminder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Reminder Type**: Based on the user role within that specific organisation the user is able to specify if the reminder is for all organisation members or if it is a personal reminder.
```
